] Hayes Micromodem 300 bps.
You can imagine what happened here, I just leave it at that :)
] Apple //e dual 5 1/4" disk drives.
] Apple //e joystick.
order merchandise (including computer parts, games, anything!!).
I saw a post on a bulletin board which said "I found a calling card
system. We had already copied hundreds of games and we were already
We denied everything.. They even asked to see our computer (which
able to clone operator tones and do speed dialing. This cut our
games every week and would never grow tired or bored of the
favorite pass time and many years of fun.. However, they were not
scene, a scene that almost no one was aware of.
time was called LDS (Long Distance Service) and we got them good..
] In 1982 my father would reserve a one hour slot every friday

external hard drive (by a company called RANA ELITE). At the time
] Introduction:
their favorite pirate bulletin boards. Some of the board names
Black Bag, Rackateers and many others. This was a huge underground

managed to dump all my hardcore hacking/phreaking equipment plus
hacking/phreaking needs.
doorstep.
to do something about this, so we started experimenting with
Wolfenstein, Hard Hat Mack and Swashbuckler. We would play these
got our own phone line and started calling bulletin boards like
system. What he failed to understand was our addiction to the
] My system included:
So we ran a hacking program over a 2 day period and managed to take
] Late 1982 my father decided to purchase an Apple //e Computer for
names like Two Knives Tan, The Warezird, Crocket and Tubbs, The Hot
numbers issued and they were all issued between 56xxxx and 57xxxx..
us because we were so dedicated and fanatical about the Computer
could make all the phone calls - anytime - anywhere in the world

was a common number among all the people/kids arrested. So I

gameplay.

leave their 'logo' or signature on the game with phone numbers to
the hacker's choice modem called the APPLE CAT ][ modem. This modem
it was the biggest hard drive made and it cost my parents $1200...
Believe me.. We were now considered ELITE! We also managed to get

dumbsters and steal the credit card carbon copies and use them to
] Apple //e computer system + 80 column card.
was asking him questions and they told him that our phone number
questions.. They were determined to break us.. Nothing happened..
] Now that I had my computer system, I was ready for business. We
] It didnt stop here! We talked our parents into buying us a 10 meg
Pong at home, the Apple Computer was the only system at that time,
] The End.
people could only imagine.
brother and I. When the FBI came over, my parents were scared
(k)uality (k)onnections aka The Silent World. At the time (k) meant
but what we soon found out was that LDS had only 1000 calling card
cracked by them had our phone number listed on it. I was only 12
belonged to groups like The Midwest Pirates Guild, Coast to Coast,
all their calling cards with one big SWOOOOOP. Now were set. We
Den, etc.. Aside from the cool bulletin boards, there were pirate
share hacking and phreaking information. The numbers were very easy
calling card companies.. Our local long distance company at the
we had an underground circle of bulletin boards where all the
breathing down my neck about making expensive phone calls. The most
circles and everyone had an alias.. I was known as The Crazy
when several of my friends were arrested for phreaking. I was
was in 7th grade at the time and my friend copied several games for
] ...This period of chaos/adventure in my life ended in 1985/1986
to find, because whenever someone would crack a game, they would

illegal phone calls) and cracking (the breaking copy protection on
# 56xxxx and it works on Skyline". This same number worked on LDS,
computer away from us, ending our rampage... They took away our
did with our Apple Computer System
] By this time we already had thousands of games and access to
crazy.. Running our phone bill up to $200 a month with no slowing
able to take away our memories of all the fun and crazy things we
retail software). Back in the early 80's instead of the internet,

influenced by hacking (password stealing), phreaking (making
] Star dot matrix printer.

Rod, Apple Rebel, The Intern, The Time Lord, The Pengiun and they
pirates (people who copy retail software) would trade games and

stiff. Both my brother and I were cool and calm as we could be.
Cracker and my brother was Dr. Klepto.. The more famous people had
] The FBI. This was a scary time for my family.. But not for my
without having to worry about any more phone bills or parents
included: The Pirates Cove, South Pole, Miami Vice, The Pirates
was given by a friend of mine (king Lear).. He told me that the FBI
tipped-off almost 1 month before the FBI came to my house. The tip
They asked us questions... and more questions, and even more
down... Our phone bills were going up... and up... and up... We had
ring (credit card carbons).. This is where kids would jump in
all our illigal software weeks before the FBI showed up at our
guild known as COAST TO COAST.. So all the software that was
] The adventures of Evil Exidy and his Apple // computer.

to every week. Aside from playing video games at the Arcade and
hacking time in half (hahahahaha). We had everything we needed to
(that we knew of), where we could copy games and play for free! I
computer, this was a day both my brother and I would look forward
the operator didnt know where I was calling from!
COOL or better yet - Kool. So the more K's that were used, the
years old and my brother was 11, but we were doing stuff that most
me.. Games that would change my life forever.. Titles: Castle
exciting thing about this was that we lived in an area where
night at the Boulder library so we could play on the Apple ][
] After thinking of some cool names, we decided to go with
was taken back to its earliest most primitive form). They took our
set-up our own bulletin board sysyem + everything possible for our
was able to do 300 bps + 1200 bps in half duplex.. We were also
tracing was impossible, our phone system was so primitive that even
everything we ever wanted. We even had a underground carbon copy

kooler your bbs (bulletin board system). I also joined the pirates
